README.md, before:

## Hack Oregon End Point Service Catalog

## Purpose
Simple static catalog of the the Hack Oregon service end points

## Dependencies

* Docker or Docker toolkit
* Travis-CI
* Cluster deployment keys. - Contact the DevOps team

## How to build

### 1.  Create Your Environment file

* Create `env.sh` in the project with the following contents:

```bash
#! /bin/bash
# Setup Project Specfics - Make sure env.sh is in the .gitignore and .dockerignore
export DOCKER_REPO=<YOUR REPO>
export DOCKER_IMAGE=<the name of your service>
export DOCKER_USERNAME=<YOUR DOCKER Repository USER NAME>
export DOCKER_PASSWORD=<YOUR DOCKER Repository PASSWORD>
export ECS_CLUSTER=<THE NAME OF YOUR ECS CLUSTER>
export ECS_SERVICE_NAME=<THE NAME OF THE SERVICE YOUR DEPLOYING TO>
echo "##############################"
echo  Your Local Project Environment
echo "##############################"
echo DOCKER_REPO: $DOCKER_REPO
echo DOCKER_IMAGE: $DOCKER_IMAGE
echo DOCKER_USERNAME: $DOCKER_USERNAME
echo DOCKER_PASWORD: $DOCKER_PASSWORD
echo ECS_CLUSTER: $ECS_CLUSTER
echo ECS_SERVICE_NAME: $ECS_SERVICE_NAME
```
### 2. Setup your local environment

* Run `source env.sh` to setup your environment

### 3. Build the container

* Run `build-proj.sh`  to build the Container

### 4. Start the project

* Run `start-proj.sh` to view your service's catalog page

**Note** On service deployer credentials

* Your service deployment user needs to belong to a group with the following policies:

* Access to the configuration bucket

```json
{
    "Version": "2012-10-17",
    "Statement": [
        {
            "Effect": "Allow",
            "Action": [
                "s3:GetObject",
                "s3:GetObjectVersion"
            ],
            "Resource": "arn:aws:s3:::assign9-config/*"
        }
    ]
}
```
* Permissions to deploy to the ECS cluster

```json

{
    "Version": "2012-10-17",
    "Statement": [
        {
            "Effect": "Allow",
            "Action": [
                "ecs:DescribeServices",
                "ecs:DescribeTaskDefinition",
                "ecs:DescribeTasks",
                "ecs:ListTaskDefinitions",
                "ecs:ListTasks",
                "ecs:RegisterTaskDefinition",
                "ecs:DeregisterTaskDefinition",
                "ecs:UpdateService"
            ],
            "Resource": "*"
        }
    ]
}
```

### 5. Setup your project in travis

* Set the following environment variables

```bash
 DOCKER_REPO            # Your docker repository
 DOCKER_IMAGE           # endpoint-service
 DOCKER_USERNAME        # Your Docker Repository user name
 DOCKER_PASSWORD        # Your Docker Repository password
 ECS_CLUSTER            # The name of your ECS cluster
 ECS_SERVICE_NAME       # The name of the ECS service your deploying to
 AWS_DEFAULT_REGION     # THE AWS region where your cluster is located
 AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID      # The service deployer keyid for your service
 AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY  # The service deployer secret key for your service
 ```

Commit message:

Updated to match deploy.sh and clarifying the usage of this repo

README.md, after:

# Hack Oregon End Point Service Catalog

## Purpose

Simple static catalog of the the Hack Oregon APIs and endpoints.

## Dependencies

* Docker or Docker toolkit
* Travis-CI
* AWS ECS Cluster deployment keys (Contact the DevOps team)

## How to build (locally)

### 1.  Create Your Environment file

* Create `env.sh` in the project with the following contents (replacing `<variables>`:

```bash
#! /bin/bash
# Setup Project Specfics - Make sure env.sh is in the .gitignore and .dockerignore
export DOCKER_REPO=<YOUR REPO>
export DOCKER_IMAGE=<the name of your service>
export DOCKER_USERNAME=<YOUR DOCKER Repository USER NAME>
export DOCKER_PASSWORD=<YOUR DOCKER Repository PASSWORD>
export ECS_CLUSTER=<THE NAME OF YOUR ECS CLUSTER>
export ECS_SERVICE_NAME=<THE NAME OF THE SERVICE YOU ARE DEPLOYING TO>
echo "##############################"
echo  Your Local Project Environment
echo "##############################"
echo DOCKER_REPO: $DOCKER_REPO
echo DOCKER_IMAGE: $DOCKER_IMAGE
echo DOCKER_USERNAME: $DOCKER_USERNAME
echo DOCKER_PASWORD: $DOCKER_PASSWORD
echo ECS_CLUSTER: $ECS_CLUSTER
echo ECS_SERVICE_NAME: $ECS_SERVICE_NAME
```

### 2. Setup your local environment

* Run `source env.sh` to setup your local environment

### 3. Build the container

* Run `build-proj.sh`  to build the Container

### 4. Start the project

* Run `start-proj.sh` to view your service's catalog page

**Note** On service deployer credentials

* Your service deployment user needs to belong to a group with the following policies:

* Access to the configuration bucket

```json
{
    "Version": "2012-10-17",
    "Statement": [
        {
            "Effect": "Allow",
            "Action": [
                "s3:GetObject",
                "s3:GetObjectVersion"
            ],
            "Resource": "arn:aws:s3:::assign9-config/*"
        }
    ]
}
```

* Permissions to deploy to the ECS cluster

```json

{
    "Version": "2012-10-17",
    "Statement": [
        {
            "Effect": "Allow",
            "Action": [
                "ecs:DescribeServices",
                "ecs:DescribeTaskDefinition",
                "ecs:DescribeTasks",
                "ecs:ListTaskDefinitions",
                "ecs:ListTasks",
                "ecs:RegisterTaskDefinition",
                "ecs:DeregisterTaskDefinition",
                "ecs:UpdateService"
            ],
            "Resource": "*"
        }
    ]
}
```

### 5. Setup your project in Travis

* Set the following environment variables

```bash
 DOCKER_REPO            # Your docker repository
 DOCKER_REPO_NAMESPACE  # production
 DOCKER_IMAGE           # endpoint-service
 DOCKER_USERNAME        # Your Docker Repository user name
 DOCKER_PASSWORD        # Your Docker Repository password
 ECS_CLUSTER            # The name of your ECS cluster
 ECS_SERVICE_NAME       # The name of the ECS service your deploying to
 AWS_DEFAULT_REGION     # THE AWS region where your cluster is located
 AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID      # The service deployer keyid for your service
 AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY  # The service deployer secret key for your service
 ```

## How to deploy (to AWS)

1. Make a trivial commit to this repo, once Travis-CI.com project has been configured.
2. Merge the commit in github to master.
